- Roppongi Hills :

Roppongi Hills is one of the best examples of a city within the city. Opened in 2003 in the heart of Tokyo's Roppongi district, the building complex features offices, apartments, shops, restaurants, a hotel, art museum, observation deck and more. The office floors are home to leading companies from the IT and financial sectors, and Roppongi Hills has become a symbol of the Japanese IT industry.

At the center of Roppongi Hills stands the 238 meter Mori Tower, one of the tallest buildings in the city. While most of the building is occupied by office space, the first few floors have restaurants and shops and the top few floors house an observation deck and modern art museum that are open to the public.

The Tokyo City View observation deck is one of Tokyo's best. When the weather permits, views can also be enjoyed from an open-air deck on the rooftop. Also located on Mori Tower's top floors is the Mori Art Museum, a modern art museum with a focus on new artistic ideas from all over the world.

Other areas of interest in Roppongi Hills include the Mori Garden just behind the tower and the Grand Hyatt luxury hotel. Numerous shopping and dining options can be found all across the complex, and there is also a large Toho Cinemas movie theater that plays both Japanese and international movies. The headquarters of TV Asahi are also located on the grounds.

Mori Tower
A 54-story skyscraper, named after the man and company that built it. The first six floors are occupied by shops and restaurants, while the top six floors house an art museum and observation deck. Offices fill the 43 floors in between. The Mori Tower is one of the tallest buildings in Tokyo and a characteristic feature of the city's skyline.

Tokyo City View
Hours: 10:00 to 23:00 (until 25:00 on Fridays and Saturdays) 
Sky Deck opens from 11:00 to 20:00 when the weather permits 
Admission ends 30-60 minutes before closing time. 
Admission: 1800 yen, additional 500 yen for Sky Deck; combination tickets for the Mori Art Museum are often available
Located at the top of the Mori Tower, the Tokyo City View observation deck has high ceiling and glass walls that extend all the way around the building, giving visitors views of the entire city. Additionally, Sky Deck is an open-air rooftop deck that can be accessed when the weather permits.

Mori Art Museum
Hours: 10:00 to 22:00 (until 17:00 on Tuesdays) 
Admission: varies by exhibition, combination tickets with Tokyo City View are often available
With a focus on art that is both contemporary and international, the Mori Art Museum presents innovative exhibitions of modern art. The museum makes a point of keeping the art easily accessible to the general viewing public, rather than making it overly obscure or esoteric.

Roppongi Hills Shopping and Dining
Shops: typically 11:00 to 21:00 
Restaurants: typically 11:00 to 23:00
Roppongi Hills features more than 200 shops, cafes and restaurants. Most shops specialize in fashion, accessories, interior design and household goods, while restaurants offer a wide array of Japanese and international cuisine.

TV Asahi Headquarters
TV Asahi Shop: 10:00 to 19:00
The headquarters of TV Asahi, one of Japan's private TV networks, is part of the Roppongi Hills complex. The spacious atrium is open to the public and features displays of current programs and a shop selling TV Asahi goods.

Mori Garden
Hours: 7:00 to 23:00
A small oasis of greenery between the tall buildings of Roppongi Hills, the Mori Garden is built in the style of a traditional Japanese landscape garden. The garden has a number of cherry trees that make it a nice spot to enjoy the cherry blossom season in late March and early April.

http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e3031_hills.html