- Temple Tsukiji Hongan-ji :
(site officiel : http://www.tsukijihongwanji.jp/eng/?fr=navi)

Le Tsukiji Hongan-ji, parfois romanisé de façon archaïque en Hongwan-ji, est un temple bouddhiste de l'école Jodo Shinshu situé dans l'arrondissement de Tsukiji à Tokyo.

Le temple prédécesseur du Tsukiji Hongan-ji est le Edo-Asakusa Gobo (??????), construit à Asakusa en 1617 à la demande de Junnyo Shonin, 12e monshu1.

Le temple est détruit par le feu lors d'un incendie généralisé de la ville en 1657 et le shogunat refuse d'autoriser sa reconstruction à Asakusa à cause de projets antérieurs pour cet emplacement1. Au lieu de cela, le temple est déplacé vers une nouvelle parcelle de terre récupérée sur la Sumida-gawa, l'actuel Tsukiji. Cette terre passe pour avoir été récupérée par les disciples du Jodo Shinshu eux-mêmes qui vivent à Tsukudajima. Le nom « Tsukiji » vient du caractère kanji qui signifie « terres asséchées ». Ce nouveau temple, appelé Tsukiji Gobo (????), reste en place jusqu'à ce qu'il soit rasé lors du séisme de 1923 de Kanto.

L'actuel Tsukiji Hongan-ji, conçu par Ito Chuta de l'Université de Tokyo, est construit entre 1931 et 1934. Il est remarquable par son architecture unique, influencée par les temples de l'Asie du Sud.

Le Hongan-ji est une destination de pèlerinage du fait des objets ayant appartenu au prince Shotoku, à Shinran Shonin et à Shonyo Shonin. Shonyo Shonin (1911-2002), le 23e monshu est vénéré à la gauche de l'autel principal en l'honneur de sa contribution à la propagation de l'enseignement Jodo Shinshu à l'extérieur de telle sorte que ses disciples ne le soit pas que de nom1.

Le temple est proche de la station Tsukiji de la ligne Tokyo Métro Hibiya.

La veillée mortuaire de Hiroaki Shukuzawa (en) s'est tenue au temple le 22 juin 2006 et comme le temple a été le site de la cérémonie funéraire du populaire musicien de rock Hide (Hideto Matsumoto) en 1998, un mémorial se trouve dans le hall principal lui-même,
(source : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tsukiji_Hongan-ji)

Activity

General services and rituals

Temple services

This temple is open every day all through the year from 6:00 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. (Apr. thru Sept.), 5:00 P.M. (Oct. thru Mar.). As the daily temple services, “Early Morning Service” at 7:00 A.M., and “Evening Service” at 4:30 P.M. are respectively observed at the main hall each day. The services are conducted in Japanese only but anyone is welcome to attend. Just sit, listen to chanting, and calm yourself in a Buddhist peaceful atmosphere.

Private services

Beside the temple services, private services such as Family Memorial Services, Funerals and its subsequent services are conducted upon the requests of individual members as well as business firms and organizations. For Jodo Shinshu practicers, the significance of a memorial service is not for appeasing or consoling the spirits of the deceased, but is the opportunity to pay tribute to and recall cherished memories of the deceased, while listening to the Buddha Dharma.

Wedding ceremony

A Buddhist wedding ceremony is a solemn event for a couple to make their wedding day truly memorable by expressing gratitude to the Buddha. It is combination of Western and traditional customs added to create new Buddhist ritual which includes lighting candles, processional with musical accompaniment, exchange of rings, etc. Accordingly, the couple’s attire may be either western style or Japanese traditional kimono. The ceremony consists of chanting, the reading of the vows, presentation of Nenju (Buddhist rosary), the exchange of rings, Shoko (incense burning), and officiant’s message. At the Tsukiji Hongwanji, it is usually conducted in Japanese, but English and bilingual ceremonies may be arranged.

Marriage in Japan consists of a civil marriage registration by the couple at a Japanese municipal government office, and only this civil registration constitutes a legal marriage. Therefore, a wedding ceremony performed at the Tsukiji Hongwanji is not a legal marriage but a religious ritual. A couple is expected to follow the civil laws regarding marriage laid out by their respective governments.

Confirmation rite (Kikyoshiki)

This is a formal affirmation as a Jodo Shinshu Buddhist at which time a Buddhist name (Homyo) is given to the person being confirmed entry onto the path of the Nembutsu. At the Tsukiji Hongwanji, the rites are conducted six times a year; normally held in conjunction with special events such as Equinox service (Higan-e), Birthday of Shinran Shonin (Gotan-e), and Memorial service for Shinran Shonin (Hoonko).

Infant Initiation ceremony (Shosanshiki)

This is a formal affirmation of an infant to the Buddha, Dharma, and Buddhist Sangha. Parents formally present their child for the first time on this occasion. The ceremony may be done privately.

Features

Saturday English service

The English Service is conducted on the 4th Saturday of each month starting at 5:30 in the evening. It is one of the few opportunities in the Tokyo Metropolitan area to be able to hear Dharma talks on the Jodo Shinshu teaching in English.
Talks are given by esteemed Hongwanji ministers and lay persons. Anyone is cordially invited to attend the service.
After the service, an informal gathering together with the guest speaker and all the participants are held to ask questions and share their insights over light refreshments. Please join us at the service with your friends.
(source : http://tsukijihongwanji.jp/wp_eng/?page_id=61)

(source photos : http://www.jnto.go.jp/eng/location/spot/shritemp/tsukijihonganji.html
		 http://experiencetokyo.net/discover-india-in-japan-tsukiji-honganji-indian-architecture-in-a-japanese-temple/)