GRAND HYATT TOKYO
6-10-3 Roppongi, Minato-Ku
Tokyo,  Japan, 106-0032
Tel: +81 3 4333 1234
Fax: +81 3 4333 8123
Email: tokyo.grand@hyatt.com

Hotel Overview
Discover The True Luxury Hotel Experience In The Heart Of Tokyo, Japan
Discover an unmatched Tokyo luxury hotel experience in the heart of Roppongi – a lively international district known as a stimulating centre for business, culture, fashion and leisure. .  Conveniently located near famous Tokyo destinations like Ginza shopping district and Kasumigaseki government district, Grand Hyatt Tokyo is just 90 minutes by limousine bus from Narita International Airport and 40 minutes from Haneda Airport. With such a central location, Grand Hyatt Tokyo is the perfect base from which to comfortably explore and discover Japan.

Unwind and relax in one of 387 rooms and suites at this Roppongi Hills hotel designed in modern style and widely acclaimed for its authentic gastronomy. The Oak Door Restaurant featuring dramatic oak wood-burning ovens and the casual French Kitchen are now landmarks of the Roppongi Hills area.

For guests seeking meeting rooms or event management, our hotel offers exceptional meeting and events packages, as well as venues featuring a residential atmosphere and entertaining culinary experiences in a comfortable setting.  Our facilities are all designed as multipurpose spaces that offer versatility for a wide array of special occasions.  For travellers looking to soothe body and mind, Nagomi Spa and Fitness provides healing spa treatments; fitness sessions in our gymnasium and red-granite swimming pool; and ultimate relaxation in our saunas and plunge pools.

(ou :
Situated in Roppongi, Grand Hyatt Tokyo is the perfect place to experience Tokyo and its surroundings. From here, guests can enjoy easy access to all that the lively city has to offer. With its convenient location, the hotel offers easy access to the city's must-see destinations.

The facilities and services provided by Grand Hyatt Tokyo ensure a pleasant stay for guests. To name a few of the hotel's facilities, there are free Wi-Fi in all rooms, 24-hour front desk, facilities for disabled guests, luggage storage, Wi-Fi in public areas.

All guest accommodations feature thoughtful amenities to ensure an unparalleled sense of comfort. Throughout the day you can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere of the fitness center, indoor pool, spa, massage, garden. When you are looking for comfortable and convenient accommodations in Tokyo, make Grand Hyatt Tokyo your home away from home.)

HOTEL FEATURES

387 Rooms & Suites
Airport Limousine Service
Beauty Salon
5 star hotel amenities
7 Restaurants, 3 Bars
Pastry Boutique
NAGOMI Spa
Indoor Hotel Pool
Gymnasium
Whirlpool & Sauna
17 Event Venues
1,000 sqm Grand Ballroom
Grand Wedding venues

from USD 662.50

Facilities	
24-hour front desk
bar
business center
car park
concierge
currency exchange
elevator
facilities for disabled guests
laundry service
luggage storage
meeting facilities
restaurant
room service
safety deposit boxes
shops
shuttle service
vending machine
 
Sports and Recreation	
fitness center
garden
indoor pool
massage
spa
 
Internet	
free Wi-Fi in all rooms
Wi-Fi in public areas
 
Parking	
car park
valet parking

http://tokyo.grand.hyatt.com/en/hotel/home.html
http://www.agoda.com/grand-hyatt-tokyo/hotel/tokyo-jp.html?asq=Mc7yVzoODAIzeG3mgqKtT5Yw94bg4ikr7PF16qVq7D3WRkNJS%2fBwaTLwqWhpLJs4P6S6vOBP1dwEWGl9rWEDTT3kxP7rWbUEzRbLFvuwj7FqGNFurkNIb7cyF4SWYmBGv%2f3atdmLbh67hwvImTgHjeVAxiuy4PtsH0gpaC0kXRED2G9baKojia3zReafS5CMKFvpYjwWSZKjId4FMMrgWsWGmf%2bWvIuqAHjNGTklrbFRr2CNHZFJYjGAHDwUBaKY39IrMQkwzd9UNQvEZRC7x6kca75CQL13qEnPHtTYK1BfCKfue%2bCJwAjdLLzaHx4x